Okay, here we have Visual Studio Code open and
the project scaffolding code for FlightSurety all loaded up and ready to go.
So the way I'm going to walk through this is go through each component,
the smart contracts, the client app,
the server and then also as I go through it I want to make you
familiar with some of the libraries etc that are being used,
also test scripts and so on.
So we'll start with the smart contracts.
So you'll see here that I have created
two solidity files, FlightSuretyApp and FlightSuretyData.
FlightSuretyData is the persistent file.
That's the one that has all the data and FlightSuretyApp will be the one with app logic.
So let's reduce this a little bit.
So the code that you will find in the files right now is very sparse
and it's up to you to augment that as you
deem appropriate for matching the requirements of the project.
So there's a basic constructor and
the basic operational status code is in there and that's about all.
There are functions steps for some of the functions that you will likely want.
But as I mentioned earlier,
you don't have to follow this exactly.
One thing you'll notice is to avoid compiler errors with just a scaffolding.
I've used pure visibility in many places.
That is obviously not appropriate.
For example if you're registering and airline it's going to change state.
So pure would be completely inappropriate,
but just so you know it's there in order to ensure that
the scaffolding can compile without a ton of
errors making it impossible to see what's going on.
So there is a register airline.
There is a buy function for
buying insurance that you'll have to figure out what goes in there.
Then there is a credit insurance.
So recollect that we want to make sure that we don't send the funds directly.
We first credit the users if they are eligible for
a payout and then when it's time for payments,
they can they can call pay and pay themselves essentially withdraw funds.
Fund is what the airline would use in order to activate itself.
The airlines go through a two-step process they first have to
register and if they come after the fourth airline,
then they have to wait to be voted in by other airlines.
Once that's done then they need to find the 10 ether
in order to be active and in the smart contract.
The there's some code here with regard to generating keys etc,
which is boilerplate stuff that we have covered in prior lessons,
so I left that alone.
So this is the gist of the data contract.
There's a fair bit of work that you will need to do in order to get this working.
One thing that will help you in that is to create really good test cases.
Now as we progress through this orientation of the environment here,
you'll see that you now actually have two possibilities of creating test environments.
You can potentially continue to use the truffle testing mechanism.
But there's also the DAP and you could use that as a means of testing by calling in also.
So uncertain things which are more interactive,
you might find it more useful to use the DAP as the locus
for testing versus using the truffle tests.